the book of Ezra now in the first year
the book of Ezra now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia that the word of
of Cyrus king of Persia that the word of
of Cyrus king of Persia that the word of the Lord by the mouth of Jeremiah might
the Lord by the mouth of Jeremiah might
the Lord by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled the Lord stirred up the
be fulfilled the Lord stirred up the
be fulfilled the Lord stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia so that
spirit of Cyrus king of Persia so that
spirit of Cyrus king of Persia so that he made a proclamation throughout all
he made a proclamation throughout all
he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom and also put it in writing
his kingdom and also put it in writing
his kingdom and also put it in writing thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the
thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the
thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of
kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of
kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of heaven has given me and he has commanded
heaven has given me and he has commanded
heaven has given me and he has commanded me to build him a house at Jerusalem
me to build him a house at Jerusalem
me to build him a house at Jerusalem which is in Judah who is among you of
which is in Judah who is among you of
which is in Judah who is among you of all his people may his God be with him
all his people may his God be with him
all his people may his God be with him and let him go to Jerusalem which is in
and let him go to Jerusalem which is in
and let him go to Jerusalem which is in Judah and build the house of the Lord
Judah and build the house of the Lord
Judah and build the house of the Lord God of Israel he is God which is in
God of Israel he is God which is in
God of Israel he is God which is in Jerusalem and whoever is left in any
Jerusalem and whoever is left in any
Jerusalem and whoever is left in any place where he dwells let the men of his
place where he dwells let the men of his
place where he dwells let the men of his place help him
place help him
place help him with silver and gold with Goods and
with silver and gold with Goods and
with silver and gold with Goods and livestock
livestock
livestock besides the free will offerings for the
besides the free will offerings for the
besides the free will offerings for the house of God which is in Jerusalem then
house of God which is in Jerusalem then
house of God which is in Jerusalem then the heads of the father's houses of
the heads of the father's houses of
the heads of the father's houses of Judah and Benjamin and the priest from
Judah and Benjamin and the priest from
Judah and Benjamin and the priest from the Levites
the Levites
the Levites with all whose spirits God had moved
with all whose spirits God had moved
with all whose spirits God had moved arose to go up and build the house of
arose to go up and build the house of
arose to go up and build the house of the Lord which is in Jerusalem and all
the Lord which is in Jerusalem and all
the Lord which is in Jerusalem and all those who were around them
those who were around them
those who were around them encouraged them with articles of silver
encouraged them with articles of silver
encouraged them with articles of silver and gold with Goods and livestock and
and gold with Goods and livestock and
and gold with Goods and livestock and with precious things besides all that
with precious things besides all that
with precious things besides all that was willingly offer
was willingly offer
was willingly offer King Cyrus also brought out the articles
King Cyrus also brought out the articles
King Cyrus also brought out the articles of the house of the Lord which
of the house of the Lord which
of the house of the Lord which Nebuchadnezzar had taken from Jerusalem
Nebuchadnezzar had taken from Jerusalem
Nebuchadnezzar had taken from Jerusalem and put in the temple of his gods and
and put in the temple of his gods and
and put in the temple of his gods and Cyrus king of Persia brought them out by
Cyrus king of Persia brought them out by
Cyrus king of Persia brought them out by the hand of Mithra death the treasure
the hand of Mithra death the treasure
the hand of Mithra death the treasure and counted them out to shesh baza
and counted them out to shesh baza
and counted them out to shesh baza the Prince of Judah this is the number
the Prince of Judah this is the number
the Prince of Judah this is the number of them 30 gold platters 1000 silver
of them 30 gold platters 1000 silver
of them 30 gold platters 1000 silver platters 29 knives 30 gold basins 410
platters 29 knives 30 gold basins 410
platters 29 knives 30 gold basins 410 silver basins of a similar kind and
silver basins of a similar kind and
silver basins of a similar kind and 1,000 other articles all the articles of
1,000 other articles all the articles of
1,000 other articles all the articles of gold and silver were 5400 all these Josh
gold and silver were 5400 all these Josh
gold and silver were 5400 all these Josh Bazar took with the captives who were
Bazar took with the captives who were
Bazar took with the captives who were brought from Babylon to Jerusalem